#labels Featured
= 2010-04-16 =
Found this handy (3rd party) TouchXML installation guide: http://foobarpig.com/iphone/touchxml-installation-guide.html

= 2009-10-28 =

Added a new NSData based serializer ([http://code.google.com/p/touchcode/source/browse/TouchJSON/Source/JSON/CJSONDataSerializer.h CJSONDataSerializer.h])  to TouchJSON. Serializing to NSString was a mistake, but I've kept the old interface around for compatibility purposes (although I may deprecate it one day). The old NSString based serializer is now just a lightweight wrapper on top of the NSData based one. [http://code.google.com/p/touchcode/source/detail?r=3f52118ae2ff60cc34e31dd36d92610c9dd6c306 Changeset]

= 2009-08-25 =

Deprecated the TouchMap library (gone completely!). TouchSQL and TouchRSS are now moved to deprecated folder.

= 2009-04-28 =

Google has upgraded the TouchCode project to use the new Mercurial hosting option.

I'm manually importing history from subversion into mercurial. This is a time consuming process so in the mean time the source code can still be accessed via the original subversion repository: http://touchcode.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/

= 2009-04-19 =

I've added full support for LibTidy to TouchXML, see [TouchXMLTidy].

= 2009-04-18 =

Been a while since there was much news. Lots of small improvements and bug fixes have been made over the last few months. Also there I've found a great [http://dblog.com.au/general/iphone-sdk-tutorial-building-an-advanced-rss-reader-using-touchxml-part-1/ new tutorial] for how to use TouchXML on the iPhone: http://dblog.com.au/general/iphone-sdk-tutorial-building-an-advanced-rss-reader-using-touchxml-part-1/

I've created TouchCode Dev Google Group. This is now the preferred forum for TouchCode related development questions: http://groups.google.com/group/touchcode-dev 

= 2008-10-24 =

Added a page to toxicsoftware.com to allow people to donate to TouchCode: http://toxicsoftware.com/touchcodedonate/

= 2008-09-01 =

We're trying to tag and release all major components of TouchCode so that projects that rely on TouchCode can refer to a tag and not the head. TouchXML has just been tagged and released. TouchJSON was tagged and released earlier.

= Older=

Important: Do you use TouchCode http://toxicsoftware.com/touchcode-usage/

TouchCode wins "Best Open Source Project" at iPhoneDevCamp 2: http://toxicsoftware.com/touchcode_wins/

Note: we've just released TouchJSON as version 1.0 - there's now a download a corresponding SVN tag.