#labels Featured
= Introduction =

TouchXML is a lightweight replacement for Cocoa's NSXML* cluster of classes. It is based on the commonly available Open Source libxml2 library.

= License =

TouchXML is released under the MIT license.

= Goals =

The goal is to create a lightweight  NSXML* style XML api that can used in environments without NSXML* (e.g. iPhone).

  * XML read only. The aim is to make a lite API for reading XML. I'm assuming most applications will only need to read XML and wont need to generate it (AJAX applications tend to receive XML data but transmit data via URL or HTTP form-encoding). Please let me know if your application needs XML write support.

  * Lightweight. Rarely used NSXML* functionality should not be implemented.
  
= Usage =
See http://foobarpig.com/iphone/touchxml-installation-guide.html for more information.

= Currently implemented =
  * XML parsing from NSString and NSData.
  * Support for Documents, Elements, Attributes. Most NSXMLNode "navigation" methods are implemented (parent, nextSibling, children, etc).
  * Basic xpath support.
  * Unit Tests

= Roadmap =
== Short Term ==
  * Improved xpath functionality (make 1:1 equivalent with NSXMLNode).
  * More Unit Tests
  * Robust error handling (use xmlError.h)
  * Support for any NSDocument option flags that make sense.
  * 1:1 equivalency with NSXMLNode apis for naviation (I think we are equivalent, just need unit tests to prove it).

== Medium Term ==
  * Namespace Support
  * xslt support

== Long Term/Never ==
  * XML output/writing
  * xquery
  * XML tidy (this includes HTML importing)